367	3034736147	2	Q. What's the last 48 hours been like for AD and how is he doing? FRANK VOGEL: Yeah, he's going to have some soreness in there. The hope is once he gets moving up and down the floor, the adrenaline kicks in, that it shouldn't be an issue. He's going to play through it and he's was good to go.
331	3034736147	4	Q. The way you walked in and the way you're exhaling sort of gives me the answer already. But how tired are you at this point and how tired were you in those moments where you're slumped over the board before the free throws and then Spo's burning timeouts to get you more air, just what's left right now? JIMMY BUTLER: Nothing. I left it all out there on the floor along with my guys, and that's how we're going to have to play from here on out. Like I always say, it's win or win for us. But this is the position that we're in. We like it this way. We got two more in a row to get.
418	3034736147	4	Q. As you say, the coach and other members of the team, this team is special. What does it mean for you to be a leader for them and to guide the younger players? GORAN DRAGIC: It's just part of my job, you know. When I came to the Heat I learned from the best and you try to, when you hit one point of your career you already know that you have to give something back to your young players, try to make it a little bit easier for them, and just talk to them. Conversation can do a lot for those young players. From there on everybody on our team, they have great habits, workout habits, they work hard and it's easy, it's easy to be there.
196	3034736147	3	Q. You kind of gave a shrug to Tim about your performance. You did the same in the Eastern Conference Finals. What is it about you where you just don't care? And it seems like you almost would prefer if it was Tyler's night or if it was Kelly's night or whoever else is scoring for you to win? JIMMY BUTLER: Everybody remembers winning, that's it. They don't care how many points you score, they only care if you won or lost. For us we're all about winning. We are. I say it all the time but I mean it. The guys that we have, the group that Coach Pat and Coach Spo put together it's always to win, nothing else. So I hope the next game I score zero and y'all talk all you want to talk and we win so I come up here and say the same thing.
256	3034736147	2	"Q. Is it common for LeBron to send texts about games, calling them must-wins, or is that the first time he's ever done that this season? ANTHONY DAVIS: I think that might be the first time for sure here in the bubble. Usually when we played bad, he'll send a text or I'll send a text and just tell guys we're fine. You know, we'll be okay. Things like that. But we usually talk more so in person after the game or in a meeting or something like that. He's done it before, but you know, like he said, he woke up early in his room with the game on his mind, that we have to win this game, and decided to send a text saying this is a must-win game. And I think after that he said, ""That's all I need to say."" Guys came in prepared already. It's more so in person or in a meeting or something like that. It's usually not with a text."
327	3034736147	2	Q. You're a confident team. You came into this game expecting to win. You wore the Mamba jerseys and wore the gold shoes. There was a build-up to where people thought you were going to win this game. To be 21 seconds away and have the lead in the final minute, how did it feel to be that close and now know you have to do it all again in 48 hours? ANTHONY DAVIS: It's basketball. It's the Finals. They wanted to win as bad as we wanted to win. So we've just got to go take it on Sunday. We had times to kind of break open the lead and we had too many breakdowns defensively, giving shooters wide open shots, not talking. They are going to make us pay every time. We have to be better on the defensive end. But to be that close to accomplishing our goals, you know, like I say, we've got another one Sunday and that one we have to go get.
205	3034736147	2	Q. Duncan said just a few minutes ago that you kind of live for those moments when everybody jumps off the bandwagon. It seems like people have jumped pretty far off the Miami bandwagon when you guys fell down 2-0, and you were nine point underdogs in this game tonight. How does that fuel a competitor like you to put together a game like you did on this stage? JIMMY BUTLER: It doesn't. I don't care. We don't, we really don't care. We could care less if they pick us to win. Obviously ya'll picking us to lose. We're just going to go out there and compete, do what we know that we're capable of. I will say, Duncan needs to shoot the ball a lot more. He needs to hunt shots because he's going to be a reason that we win one of these games. He's going to hit six, seven 3s and I'm going to jump up and down and I'm going to give him a big hug, maybe a slight kiss on the back of his head, because I know how important that that guy is to our team.
479	3034736147	1	Q. How did the March Madness a couple years ago prepare you for this playoff series, for the Finals? KYLE KUZMA: Say it one more time.
466	3034736147	2	Q. Now that you are in the Finals, I've got to ask you a follow-up question. If you were pursuing a job in sports media, what avenue would you go into? Would you want a job, say, doing what we do as the guys asking you questions, a play-by-play guy? What would you want to do in sports media? DUNCAN ROBINSON: Probably something to do with content. I like to write. Whether it be content -- like everybody, I have no shortage of opinions. I have my opinions on everything. Maybe something kind of in that avenue.
132	3034736147	3	Q. You guys ended up shooting better percentage-wise from the field, got to the line twice as much as they did, do you feel like you're on the precipice of turning this around? JIMMY BUTLER: Yup. I think so. I think that if we get more shots up, make them get a little bit off on them offensive rebounding the ball so well, I think we're in a better position. And like I said, I like what we’ve have been doing. It's just we got to play harder, we got to rebound the basketball, we got to get back, we really got to lock in to what we're supposed to be doing. If we do that, we can turn this thing around.
58	3034736147	3	Q. Can you talk about how every night this team can feature a different star, but now in the midst of uncertainty regarding the status of your teammates Bam Adebayo and Goran Dragic, do you feel it's incumbent for you to take more of a role scoring the ball? JIMMY BUTLER: I just take what the game gives me for the most part. I still have a lot of belief in all of my teammates, I will continually play that way. But, yeah, maybe so, maybe try to score a little bit more. But I still got to make sure that everybody else is getting their touches and getting the shots that they need, because we have been playing this way all year long and that's our formula to success.
94	3034736147	2	Q. The next game maybe will be the most important game of the series for you guys. What is the biggest adjustment the team needs to make to win the next game? ERIK SPOELSTRA: Yeah, every game is the most important game. Tonight was the most important game. But we'll get to work tomorrow. I need to look at the film, we need to get together as a team and come up with a plan for Game 3.
182	3034736147	3	Q. No Bam, no Goran, what was the key to this victory and what should Miami do to win the next game? TYLER HERRO: Key to tonight was coming out hard with a lot of focus and energy. We knew it wasn't going to be easy and the next games we play aren't going to be easy either. And at the end of the day they're going to come with a lot more energy themselves, they're going to make some adjustments and it's all about how you respond. Like I said our backs are still against the wall and we got to respond.
169	3034736147	4	Q. It's usually pretty fun when you and Jimmy play against each other over the years. Would you say that you enjoy playing against him? You respect playing against him? Where is your level and emotions toward him as you go against him over and over, different teams, different cities? LeBRON JAMES: Love it. Love it. One of the best competitors we have in our game. We love that opportunity. For me personally, I don't know how many more opportunities I'm going to have, so to be able to go against a fierce competitor like that is something I'll look back on when I'm done playing. I'll miss those moments.
9	3034736147	4	Q. Before the game, you kept it close to the vest in terms of the starting center. What ultimately led to the decision with Dwight and the thought process behind it? FRANK VOGEL: Well, we wanted to win Game 1. We typically start a series kind of traditional, the way we would throughout the regular season, and we've done that a few times throughout these playoffs. But this team is 6-0 in the first two games of the playoff series in each round. They went 2-0, 2-0, 2-0 in the first three rounds. There's a little bit of added importance for me in terms of Game 1, and as to why we made that switch really came down to their second unit. Their second unit plays small with either Iguodala at the five or even Kelly Olynyk, who is a three-point shooting big. We liked what our lineups looked like with Markieff Morris at the five or AD at the five against the small ball look that we saw in Houston. Came down to really only playing one of our two centers. Dwight had a great finish in the Denver series. He's a physical, imposing presence on one of their best players in Bam Adebayo, so we decided to go with Dwight in the role.
63	3034736147	4	Q. Sorry to tell you this but there's a wide reporting now that Goran has a torn plantar fascia, so it's unlikely he would be able to return. So what does the team need to do now to rally with him unlikely to be back? JIMMY BUTLER: Be ready to go with or without Goran. We're still expecting to win. We still know that we can. Like I said earlier, we want that guy out there with us. He's a big part of what we're trying to do, but until we can have him back, we got to go out there and we got to fight even harder. We got to try to cover up what he gives us and make up for it. We're capable of it. We have to be capable of it. Moving forward with or without Goran we better hurry up and tie it up 1-1.
462	3034736147	2	Q. Obviously the Lakers' first appearance in the Finals in 10 years. You played in that series. What are your reflections on that series? Did you kind of have bad memories when everybody was talking about the first time back in 10 years, and you're thinking you were on the other side of that? What's your reflections from that 2010 series? RAJON RONDO: I think I blurred a lot of it out. It was ugly. We were up 3-2 and obviously we didn't get the job done. We were up in the fourth quarter, that stands out to me, as well. But Kobe played well. He didn't have a great offensive scoring night, but he did a lot of intangibles. He had I think 18 rebounds. Pau Gasol played well. [Andrew] Bynum played well, key role players hit bit shots, [Derek] Fisher, Ron Artest. It was a collective team effort. But that's a long, long time ago, and I look forward to obviously changing the chapter and continuing to go past this different chapter in my life and write a better story ending.
235	3034736147	3	Q. I know Bam played 33 minutes, were there any limitations on him, and how do you think he looked in his first game back? And also a second part what was the determining factor I guess in keeping Goran out tonight? ERIK SPOELSTRA: Well, Goran wasn't ready. I mean, he's doing everything he possibly can to get into this competition. Our guys want to be out there and play for this. We have a purpose why we are here. Goran's put his heart and soul into this, so he's going to continue to try to do everything he possibly can. When I mentioned it the other night how you can see it in his eyes and deep into his soul, how much he wants to be out here, I think probably you all can see that as well. And then Bam, he passed all the protocols with his mobility and strength, and I thought he was great considering he hasn't played in a week or hasn't really done anything other than rehab. But he's the heart and soul of who we are. So it was just great to have him back out there, and I don't have to deal with him trying to stare a hole through me anymore.
75	3034736147	2	Q. You went to J.R. Smith tonight after he had been out of the rotation for a while. I was just wondering what you saw from him and kind of what the goal was with getting him out there tonight? FRANK VOGEL: Yeah, just Danny was battling a hip injury, and you know, he and KP were playing well, but were struggling a little bit from the perimeter. So was just looking to see if we can buy a few minutes with J.R. because of Danny's injuries, and obviously he carries that threat to knock down a three or a few threes. I just like the threat of him being out there against the zone.
427	3034736147	4	Q. KCP, congratulations. How does this feel? KENTAVIOUS CALDWELL-POPE: It feels amazing, but right now, words can't explain it. The emotions really are not running yet. But I'm enjoying my teammates right now. It's a great feeling to be world champs, to be even called world champs. This is a great feeling. Amazing feeling.
372	3034736147	4	Q. Is it tough in this moment to reflect on what this moment meant, what this journey meant to you guys, where this franchise was a year and a half ago? ERIK SPOELSTRA: I mean, first congratulations to the Laker organization. It was great to share this stage with them and congratulations on the championship. They earned it. They earned it in this series. We can't thank the NBA enough for this whole experience. This has just been extraordinary, this bubble, this campus, the safety protocols and just the organization of everything. To be able to be a part of something historic like this to continue our season, we felt or we feel so honored and grateful that we were able to be a part of this. And it took a big-time collaboration between the League, their vision, the Players' Association, the leadership of the Players' Association and the organizations to make this happen. It's just really been incredible to be a part of this. And obviously I want to thank everybody in the Miami Heat organization. This has been such an unprecedented year, it's taken everybody to be able to just go all in and support the small traveling party that came here to the bubble. But like Rob [Wilson] and a bunch of people working behind the scenes that nobody gets to see, we thank you. And then obviously the staff and the players actually in this environment. We didn't get the final result that we wanted. But even what I mentioned to the guys, these are going to be lifetime memories that we have together. This locker room, regardless of whatever happens in the future, we're going to remember this year, this season, this experience and that locker room brotherhood for the rest of our lives. You're in this business to be able to be around people like this. And I can go on and on. But the guys that competed and played in this series, we had several guys that were not even close to being a hundred percent. Probably shouldn't have been playing, but that's how this group was. They wanted to do it for each other. And I just, I'm really bummed that we couldn't find a way to get over the hump and finish the season with a win. But that's taking nothing away from the Lakers, they played great and particularly tonight.
222	3034736147	1	Q. LeBron arrived with a shirt with an image of Kobe celebrating. Today will we see some Mamba mentality? FRANK VOGEL: I certainly hope so. We've tried to embody what he stood for all season with our group. A lot of big shot making and killer instinct, trying to win games at all costs. Hopefully we'll see that again tonight.
48	3034736147	4	Q. Anthony, your first Finals game, 14 of your field goal attempts came in the paint. I'm wondering if that had anything to do with a specific mindset, with the matchup or anything about the way you approached this game? ANTHONY DAVIS: I just wanted to come out with a lot of energy. You know, be aggressive on the offensive glass. Playing in a dunker's area, when Bron and Do [Rondo] and AC [Alex Caruso] get in the paint, they got easy dump-offs. And not settling for too many jumpers, just being able to play in the paint and dominate the paint area. That was kind of my mindset coming into the game.
488	3034736147	3	Q. Back in March the season comes to an end, two players on your team test positive for this virus. When did you think getting to this point was even a possibility? And what was it like kind of mourning the fact that maybe it wasn't happen? LeBRON JAMES: I didn't know that this was a possibility until we actually got on the plane in L.A. to fly here to Orlando. We had seen some other teams arrive before us. We got here July 9th. We had seen some of the teams arrive a couple days before us. But until we landed here, actually got off the plane, got on the bus and pulled up here to the hotel, that's when it became a reality to me.
45	3034736147	4	"Q. I'm wondering in a game like this when you had the kind of lead that you had, are you already thinking, ""This is what we could do better, here are some things that we're doing wrong."" Were you already in that frame of mind during this game? LeBRON JAMES: Yeah, absolutely. I think you can learn so much more from a win than you can in a loss. I can't wait for tomorrow for us to get back together and watch the film and see ways we can be better and see some of the breakdowns that we had, especially in that fourth quarter, especially in that first six minutes of the first quarter where we can be so much better defensively and also so much better offensively. So I can't wait. I'm extremely amped up about watching the film with our ballclub tomorrow. I'm going to watch some tonight obviously by myself, but I'm looking forward to getting together as a group tomorrow."
468	3034736147	1	Q. Have you gone late at night? DUNCAN ROBINSON: Yeah, not like midnight. We have a gym slot every night either 9:00 to 10:00 or 10:00 to 11:00. Earlier on in the bubble I was pretty much at every single one. Now it becomes more how your body is feeling and go from there.
52	3034736147	3	Q. You mentioned wanting to be aggressive, with their zone, a lot of times you want to shoot over them. Is that something you got really focused on, finding the seams and trying to get easy baskets? ANTHONY DAVIS: Yeah, this team plays a lot of zone. They played a lot of zone in the regular season, a lot of zone in the playoffs and they have been very effective. They won series with playing zone, and we knew they were going to try to run zone against us. The two regular season games we played, they ran zone. We just try to find ways to exploit it and make them come out of the zone, or they stay in it and make them pay for being in zone. But they are a team that run zone and know how to play it, and it's our job to find the gaps in the zone to be successful.
158	3034736147	4	Q. You had a lot of players you coached over the years who are great, LeBron, D-Wade, Shaq, Alonzo also. Talk about what Jimmy did today, guarding LeBron and taking over the offense on the other end, where would you rank this in some of the best individual performances you've seen throughout your coaching career? ERIK SPOELSTRA: First, mubahay salamat po, and secondly out of all due respect, I'm not going to rank it. It's one win. Jimmy understands this, that it's going to take whatever is necessary, everything over the top and beyond. This is not about comparing to anybody else in the history, and that's out of all due respect. It's about what we're trying to get accomplished in this locker room. We have a very committed group to this. We have incredible respect for this opponent. We have to figure this out, and if we're not on top of our game we saw what it can look like in the previous two games. But this is why we pursued Jimmy so aggressively. We just felt, on all across the board, there was an alignment, that we're sharing the same competitive values for right or wrong and we don't -- it doesn't matter what everybody else thinks. We're aligned on that and you're able to build a culture from that and develop a team around him.
368	3034736147	1	Q. Do you do anything as a coach to remove the hangover effect of a game like Game 5 that came down to the wire and that was considered winnable? FRANK VOGEL: For myself or for the team?
469	3034736147	3	Q. Referencing that text message that has gone viral, and we all agree you are at a high point in your career. Can you reflect on the low points of your career and how this paved the way for you to be here today sitting here in the NBA Finals? DUNCAN ROBINSON: Sure, you know, I wouldn't necessarily refer to them as low points as much as just learning experiences. I've had a handful of them. I got pulled out of the starting lineup my junior and senior year, so I didn't start much of my college career. I wasn't starting in high school. I was hosting coach DNPs my junior year of high school, so that's pretty unheard of for a guy who goes on to play college basketball, let alone the opportunity to play in the NBA. For me it's about building the trust and resolve to continue to push through in those moments and I feel like those plateaus can turn into spring boards for success if you approach them with the right mindset. I give a ton of credit to my family, people in my corner, close friends, and people who kept me grounded in those moments. It's not some secret recipe or whatever. It's really just about continuing to push forward, be persistent, continuing to show up.
244	3034736147	4	Q. I believe it's like the third game of this series where you guys have called for a challenge in the first half. You got it overturned, the right call. How do you weigh the pros and cons of doing it so early? LeBRON JAMES: There's certain momentum plays throughout the first half. There's a certain rhythm that you have either offensively or defensively that if that call is made correctly, then you continue to stay in that zone. You continue to stay in that rhythm. And if the call is wrong, it can throw you off of your rhythm. So we've wanted to challenge some things in the first half that we just felt like, okay, even if we were right, maybe that's not the time; we've still got our rhythm, we're good, whatever the case may be. But we felt like in that particular moment, we were playing some really good basketball. We were defending at a high level, and we knew for sure, we knew 100 percent, because I was guarding the ball, I knew for sure I didn't touch the ball. Herro tried to float it over me and it hit the backboard, then hit the wire. Coach is always kind of like, you know, 50/50 about it, and obviously as a player on the floor, you hate to tell your coach to challenge when you're not 100 percent. But I was for sure 100 percent about that play.
269	3034736147	3	Q. You said all along that this team plays with a chip on its shoulder, it plays well with its back against the wall. Why doesn't the confidence of the group shift, even though the odds are stacked the way they are right now? JIMMY BUTLER: I don't think that it should. I just think we're so comfortable with who we are and how we play that that's what we're going to go out there and do. We're going to live with the end result. Obviously we want it to be a win, but we just got to lock in on us, knowing that we can control a lot of these things. But our confidence ain't going nowhere, it's going to stay high, I'm going to make sure that it stays high, because it's going to have to be at an all-time high to get this next win.
390	3034736147	4	Q. You've now won a title both in this kind of weird unusual bubble environment and in kind of more of a normal environment. Which one was harder and what are the differences, the road to get to each one of them? RAJON RONDO: This one, by far, is the hardest one. Family is everything, and not being able to see your family for so long, it takes a toll on you mentally. Like I said, for us, we're not eating normal food as far as our normal routine regiments. I didn't eat today, so that was taking a toll on the mind and the body. Proper rest, not sleeping in your proper beds, on a certain schedule. So it was a lot different. People might say travel was different or no fans, but mentally this one was tough. Like I said, being here for a hundred days, I was fortunate -- well, I wasn't fortunate, I had an injury so I went home for a while. But the time I did spend here, the best thing about it was just being with my teammates every day and winning. So it was an experience, once-in-a-lifetime hopefully, get things back to normal. But other than that, I wouldn't trade it for nothing. It was all worth it at the end of the day, and we all came here for a mission and we accomplished it. Regardless of how bad people may think it was, or it was actually, but we got W, we got the chip, you can't take it from us. We definitely earned it.
436	3034736147	3	Q. What did you learn about yourself this year? JIMMY BUTLER: That I'm a decent player. I think that I grew in every aspect of the game. So I can smile about that. More than anything, I've learned that here, me works. Here, I'm always, always, always, always going to believe in my guys. I think the one thing that I learned more than anything is how fun it is to play with these guys. It really was fun watching all my young fellas grow. Having vets come in and showcase what they can still do and teach me so much. It was a great time.
332	3034736147	3	Q. You've obviously had plenty of big games in your career, but why do you think in this moment on this stage you've been able to continually go to the well and lift your own performance night to night? JIMMY BUTLER: Because that's what my team asks of me, that's what they need me to do, and I think Coach Pat and Coach Spo brought me here for that reason; to help us win games and I have to continue to do that for two more games. I know that I'm capable of it, but I got a hell of a group of guys around me that make my job a lot easier. I'm fortunate for those guys because when I pass it to them they make shots. When I get beat going to the rim, they're there. So we're in this thing together and they give me a lot of confidence to go out there and hoop.
28	3034736147	1	Q. Is there anyone, a coach, mentor, friend, someone who has been to the Finals before that in the last day or two has given you advice about being in this stage? FRANK VOGEL: No. I've got a lot of obviously friends in the coaching industry that reach out and kind of talk about the Miami Heat and whatnot, but not necessarily someone that's been in the Finals and want to talk about this stage.
425	3034736147	3	Q. How do you look back at this past year, given what happened and the circumstances with your departure from New Orleans, how do you think you've grown this past year? ANTHONY DAVIS: I think just being around these guys definitely helped. The last, what, two months, maybe, in New Orleans, it was obviously rocky. We were going back and forth at each other and getting booed, and everything like that. I think being there in that moment while I was still part of the team, going out there playing, kind of got me ready for a moment like this the. Obviously, it was a tough environment and tough situation for me. But being to handle all that and withstand all that and bring that same energy and confidence I had, even when I was playing then, to come out here and be with these guys who want nothing but the best for you and want you to win and getting it done, it's a special feeling. It just makes it all worth it. It was tough times, but like I said, I'm a champion. When I got traded, that's all I wanted was to be a champion, to be able to compete, be able to win. I was able to do that my first year with the Lakers.
230	3034736147	1	Q. You said so many times to it's a make-or-miss league and is that largely what tonight kind of was? I mean it seemed like an old-school Finals game on the defensive end. ERIK SPOELSTRA: Yeah, it certainly did.
228	3034736147	1	Q. Generally, I mean, is it strength? Is it shooting? Is it a combination? ERIK SPOELSTRA: It's different for each guy.
220	3034736147	4	Q. Happy National Coaches Day. LeBron talked I think it was yesterday, or maybe the day before that, about how good this team has been in the film room this year in terms of taking things and making changes maybe without practice time. What are your thoughts about how they have handled the adjustments in these playoff series and what do you attribute it to? FRANK VOGEL: It's definitely been a positive element of our team this year. This has been a strong approach of mine, a strong part of my approach throughout my career. Obviously starting in the film room, you learn how to use that to send messages to change what's happening on the floor. This group in particular, led by LeBron, has had extraordinary attentiveness and carryover in the ability to take what we are teaching in the film room, what we are attempting to change in the film room, and apply to the court without a lot of practice time and without a lot of reps and drills to make sure that it gets done. They have had a unique ability to do that. I think that's so pivotal in the NBA, in the playoffs, especially in environment where you play every other day for the most part, and it's been a big part of our success.
62	3034736147	2	Q. You guys have prided yourself all season as being a no-excuse team. What do you feel like you need to say to the rest of the group now knowing that you got two of your main guys down at least for a little bit? JIMMY BUTLER: Nothing. We talk about how damn near perfect that we have to play, and that was nowhere near it. There's nothing to be said. We can watch all the film in the world, we understand, we know what we did not do, what we talked about we were going to do, we didn't do. We didn't rebound, we didn't make them miss any shots, we didn't get back, all of those things led to the deficit that we put ourselves in.
162	3034736147	2	Q. Their big-to-big passing the first two games really hurt you guys at different spots, so what did you do to try to take some of that away tonight? ERIK SPOELSTRA: Yeah, you know, I don't know. They're really good, you know. They're doing that against our man in the first game, and then they're doing it against the zone. We tried to bring a better spirit tonight competitively. We are who we are in between those four lines, it was good enough to get this win tonight. But those guys, that's a great team and great players that you have to take on that challenge.
467	3034736147	3	Q. Have you been able to work in the gym late at night to work on your shot? Have you heard from any friends, former coaches, teammates, who have said to you: Can you believe you're in the NBA Finals over these last couple days? DUNCAN ROBINSON: I've heard from a lot of people, people that have come out and supported from all different stages of my life in my basketball career, which I'm really appreciative of. That's one of the things that is so special about this is you get to share with people. Definitely felt the support. As for shooting, NBA has done a good job of making gym time available and I try to take full advantage of that. Some days it's resting, just to -- obviously these playoffs have been somewhat of a grind, as well, so it's always about finding that balance between rest and repetition. But the NBA has definitely made gym time available which has been great.
127	3034736147	2	Q. Your approach tonight offensively obviously without Goran and Bam, you were setting up teammates, 13 assists, can you just speak to what your mindset was. Tyler said they were trying to get the ball in your hands every time they could. JIMMY BUTLER: Just make the right basketball play, knowing that I need my guys in order to win the game, I definitely do. They know that and I will continue to play that way because that's how we're going to win, that's how we played all year long. Just because we're in The Finals it's not going to change. I'm comfortable with the guys taking the shots that they take, creating the offense that they create and we're going to always live with what we get on offense.
451	3034736147	2	Q. Obviously there's normally a much bigger wall up between players and coaches. I'm curious if being in this environment you've gotten to know the players in a much different way than you typically normally would have? FRANK VOGEL: Of course. You know, we've spent a lot of time together, far more dinners and just being around each other, seeing each other around the campus more than we would normally be in if we were at home. When practice is over, everybody goes home to their families, to their own lives. We've all been still together. So it's been sort of a hidden benefit, a silver lining to my relationship with our group and our group's relationship with each other. Hopefully it bodes well for us in these Finals.
3	3034736147	3	Q. Knowing what you know about these guys, is there any chance that there could be any complacency that comes in because of a win like this? Do you have to guard against that or do you not even need to worry about that with them? FRANK VOGEL: Well, we always guard against that but in particular because of how much respect we have for this basketball team, not just their starting group but for their bench. The guys that came in towards the end there, really got them off to a great start in their season, Nunn and Olynyk, Solomon Hill was acquired later, but we have great respect for those guys. We know that this is just one win. We are happy that we got one win but obviously we have to keep our foot on the gas.
318	3034736147	3	Q. I was wondering if you could take us through that last minute of the game, the ups and downs, and your mentality when you were driving in. Frank described it as you were ready to take on the whole team and then you saw Danny open at the top? LeBRON JAMES: Obviously it was back and forth, big play after big play. A couple, you know, questionable calls that swayed their way and put Jimmy to the free-throw line. Obviously, we can't do that. He's been damn near perfect at the free-throw line in the series. We just needed to get one stop. We felt like if we could get one stop, we could do something on the offensive end. But we got a hell of a look. We got a hell of a look to win the game, to win the series. Didn't go down. And then we got the offensive rebound, we turned the ball over. I thought we had a lot more time than I think we even thought after the offensive rebound, and a pass wasn't executed as we would like. But we've got to be better. We've just got to be better in Game 6 and close the series.
174	3034736147	3	Q. Jimmy was driving kind of like a maniac the whole time, and that seemed to open up a lot of opportunities for you guys to both shoot and also after the kickouts attack. So how does that energy infect you? TYLER HERRO: Just the way he's getting to the rim. It creates so much attention. When he's getting to the basket, all five guys are looking at him and obviously we have a couple guys that are more than capable of shooting and that just -- you got to worry about both. And when he's getting to the basket, it's tough to worry about both because he'll pass it to the three, and he'll always make the right play.
99	3034736147	2	Q. I know it is less about schematics but after playing zone so sparingly in Game 1, what went into the decision to use it so heavily tonight? Was it just personnel that were available and knowing guys were going to have to play big minutes? ERIK SPOELSTRA: A little bit of everything. Yeah, some of it was personnel, some of it was a different look for our defense. But we didn't finish a lot of those plays, so I don't think it really would have mattered man or zone, there was probably eight, 10 of those possessions where we just did not finish it with that next level of commitment, which has to -- this opponent is going to require us to go there.
188	3034736147	2	Q. So much of this run for your team has been coinciding with your personal journey -- your first Conference Finals, first Finals, first Finals win, first Finals loss. How are you internalizing it and how do you expect the next 48 hours to go leading up to Game 4? ANTHONY DAVIS: I'll be fine. I just have to be better, like I said, both ends of the floor. Foul trouble, bringing the energy to the team -- the team relies on me bringing the energy to start the game and when you pick up two fouls, guys come in earlier, things like that. So I just have to be better. But it's one loss. We're still up in the series. You know, like I said, we never want to get too high and we don't want to get too low. But we'll look at the film, and see where I can be better on both ends, see where we can be better as a team, come out Game 4 much better than we played tonight.
212	3034736147	2	Q. AD made two huge plays at the end of the game. What did you say to raise his level so much? FRANK VOGEL: You don't have to say anything to Anthony Davis. He wants this more than anything. Obviously he's a great player capable of imposing his will on the game on both ends of the floor. You saw what he did tonight defensively, and obviously that big three helped seal it, but was great on both ends all night.
260	3034736147	4	"Q. Alex made a comment that was something like, it was about AD's three at the end of the game, and it was something like, ""That's what he does."" For AD to do that in this kind of moment and situation, are you starting to see him that way, too? KENTAVIOUS CALDWELL-POPE: AD, doesn't matter if it's a game-winning shot or a shot like he had tonight. AD hits a lot of big shots for us, and you know, him and Bron, they have a heavy load. So they hit a lot of big shots for us, and it's just AD. AD is a game-changer when he's knocking down shots like that."
206	3034736147	4	"Q. After falling in Game 1 and 2, how were you guys able to still maintain that confidence in your play and just who you guys are as a unit? JIMMY BUTLER: We're always confident. We know that we can win any game if we rebound, if we don't turn the ball over, if we get back, things like that. But we got a group that, like we're, I don't like the word ""underdog"" so -- nobody's picking us, there you go, nobody's picking us. And we really don't care. We're going to go out there and compete that's what we have been doing all year long, all playoffs, the time that we have been here. Stay confident because we know we're a good team."
348	3034736147	4	"Q. When Jimmy Butler had that first game that kind of put a lot of people on notice, you were watching from the sidelines. What's the difference for you between being out there with him as he's doing it and watching him, and taking it in as he's doing it? BAM ADEBAYO: I'm doing the same thing. I'm gassing him up. I feel like I'm putting that battery in his back. There's a lot of times I tell him, ""Don't pass."" But it comes from the heart, I want him to be great, I want him to do something special and he's been doing it. So he just has to keep being special and I'm going to keep gassing him up. If he's going to keep playing like that, we're going to keep getting W's, I'll be the biggest cheerleader on the team."
213	3034736147	2	Q. How important is Rajon Rondo as a part of your game plan? Because he made some great plays, especially in the rebound and in assists, and also, the last five minutes of the game, defense was the Lakers' identity. FRANK VOGEL: Again, Rajon is a huge part of what we do. I have a tremendous amount of trust in his abilities, especially in this atmosphere, this deep into the playoffs when the games mean so much. He's been there before and I trust him, you know. And then obviously the defense, I was very proud of our defensive performance tonight. Game 2 and Game 3 were not good enough, quite frankly, to win in the NBA Finals, and we made some adjustments to our scheme, and the guys raised their level from a competitive spirit standpoint and alertness standpoint and both were huge factors.
452	3034736147	2	Q. I wanted to ask you about Rondo and the match-ups that he's going to be facing against Miami, maybe Goran Dragic, very experienced player, maybe Duncan Robinson at times and Tyler Herro, of course. What do you expect from Rondo in the series? FRANK VOGEL: He's going to be Rondo. You know, he really impacts the game on both sides of the ball, both with his ability to orchestrate the offense, put guys in positions to score and then deliver the ball. But also, he just makes winning plays. Defensively he's got great lateral speed and athleticism. Defensively obviously he's been an all-defensive player throughout his career, and he'll do whatever is necessary to get the job done on that end of the floor, as well.
71	3034736147	3	Q. In those situations where you're leading late, you've been in that position a lot, gone on to win a number of those games anyway and turned it back. What do you look for in the groups you want out on the floor, and to your observation, what's their sort of dialogue? Are they trying to simplify things or how do they approach it? FRANK VOGEL: Well, each group knows what the strengths are of the personnel that are out there. You know, the great thing is, we always have either Rondo or LeBron out there to quarterback the action and make sure that we are seeing the targets and trying to get the ball to the guys in positions to be effective. When you have two guys like that, or one of them on the floor for all 48 minutes, you're going to get a lot of good action. So I credit those guys.
154	3034736147	2	Q. What do you think are the most important lessons on and off the court that the team has learned from this completely new experience? ERIK SPOELSTRA: This has been so remarkable for all of us. This is an experience that we're all going to remember the rest of our lives, just by the very nature of all of it. And I just feel very grateful like everybody else in the locker room to be on this journey with this group. It's been amazing and we're just looking forward to tonight.
89	3034736147	4	Q. Of course. Kendrick Nunn -- ERIK SPOELSTRA: Oh, K-Nunn. Yeah, we haven't forgotten what he can do. This is, sometimes you have to separate all this, the competition and coaching and your team and just the human side of it. You're rooting for the guy. He had a tremendous year. We haven't forgotten about that. And I've had great compassion for everything that he's gone through. But he's got significant perseverance. He's been through a lot and he just continues to grind. I love watching him work. I just love coming in every day and just watching him put in the time and be ready for his opportunity when it inevitably would happen.
152	3034736147	2	Q. I wonder what are the peculiar challenges of the bubble? I guess you're not used to work with the machinery that you have in the bubble and you also don't have enough medical personnel to work with your players. ERIK SPOELSTRA: Yeah, we have enough. We have our entire staff here, we have our team doctor here, we have everything you need here. And I think if anything in 2020 it's just prepared you to expect the unexpected and you just keep on plugging away. We have been dealing with a lot of different unpredictable circumstances during the bubble. I think emotionally our guys are more than stable enough to be able to manage this and focus on the task at hand and that's the game tonight. That's all anybody's focused on right now. Nobody's making excuses or feeling sorry for themselves, we're just excited about this opportunity tonight.
17	3034736147	2	Q. I know it came late and with the Lakers already holding a big lead but how encouraging was it to see Kendrick [Nunn] play the way he did in the fourth quarter, and is that something you can take moving forward in the series? ERIK SPOELSTRA: Well, you're always rooting for him. This has been a tough playoff for him, and these are -- the human side of it, you want to get him in there, you want him to play well and based on where we are, we could use some scoring punch. And you have to guard him and he's very skilled. So we'll see where he we are for the next game.
374	3034736147	3	Q. We talked so much about Jimmy leading this team. What does it mean to you that he has continuously described the Miami Heat organization as the place he now kind of finally sees as home. ERIK SPOELSTRA: I think that's what we're all looking for, right, is to be part of a family. To be a part of something where you felt all along that you were searching for something. Where you can just be yourself, you don't have to make any apologies for who you are. We have been searching for him for a long time and I think he's been searching for something like us for a while. Again, you're in this business to be around amazing people and to develop incredible relationships. It is about the game, it is about winning, but it also is about being around locker rooms that you'll remember for a long, long time. I'm just thrilled to be able to have an opportunity to coach Jimmy and have a relationship with him and move forward chasing this dream. It's not going to stop. We're all wired the same. So we'll get over this at some point. I don't expect anybody to get over it tonight. But we have some brothers in arms now moving forward that we share the same values and the same goals and that's part of the battle of just finding that kind of alignment.
283	3034736147	2	Q. For a close-out game like this, do you keep it to the just about the game, this is what we have to do for this game, or is there any kind of overarching message that you want to send with the opportunity to close out? FRANK VOGEL: Yeah, we want to stay away from all those other thoughts and keep our minds and our focus on the task at hand, and all the details that go into execution, all the competitive spirit, particularly, that we played with, the urgency that we played with in Game 4, our focus is still remaining in the moment and on the job that still has to be done.
121	3034736147	3	Q. A lot of people will look at the injuries that you guys had, they will look at the fact that you're down two games to zero and you're up against LeBron and Anthony Davis and they will say, this series is over. What don't those people know about you and this organization? JIMMY BUTLER: That we're never giving up. We're going to fight and we're going to ride with this thing until the wheels fall off. It's not over. We're just down 0-2, so we got to do something special. We're capable of it and I wouldn't want to be in the trenches with any other guys except for the ones that we have.
386	3034736147	4	Q. It's been 12 years since you did this. Can you discuss the road? You probably thought it would happen every year, but just that time, all the ups and downs, how do you reflect on that? What's going through your mind? RAJON RONDO: I've been through a lot in my career. Everyone goes through a lot. You play the game this long, 14 years, and I had early success. I had a lot of great teammates early, great coaching staffs early, and I thought that's what the NBA was. And then obviously down the road, year 10, 11, things changed for me in my career. Every time going into training camp, you weren't expected to win a championship because of the teams I was on, so that was a different mindset coming into the season. But to be able to get back to this, this season in particular, understanding that we did have a team to compete for a championship from day one, and to be able to come full circle an entire year later, we reached our goal and our dream. So it's been a long time for me. Last time I was in this situation, obviously the result didn't turn out as well. To be able to come back and redeem myself and play a big part in this championship is definitely a hell of a feeling and something I'll remember for the rest of my life. And me also being able to experience it with my son here. I'm very blessed to do it while he's able to understand at nine years old, soon to turn nine, that his dad is a champ and he was able to witness it. 12 years ago, he wasn't born yet, so for him to be here and my daughter at home watching, it's definitely a surreal feeling.
8	3034736147	3	Q. We've gone all this way and we haven't really mentioned Anthony Davis's game. What did you think of his play in his first Finals appearance, and what allowed him to have such a big game tonight? FRANK VOGEL: I mean, they play small a lot. Obviously if we start big, he's got a smaller matchup on him. I think it starts there, but in terms of like his success tonight. But he's just a great player, you know what I mean. The moment doesn't change things for him. His approach is the same. He's focused, locked in, can really hurt you in a variety of ways offensively. Leads the charge for us to play effort offense, running the floor, crashing the boards, rolling hard, attacking it in the post. His ability to shoot the ball from the perimeter, the way that's grown throughout our season has been invaluable to us, and he's a Jack of all trades on the defensive end. He really just impacts both sides of the ball, and obviously the bigger the moment, he's just raising his play.
437	3034736147	3	Q. (Question about the Miami Heat organization.) JIMMY BUTLER: Just got a group that's a lot like me. The fan base is incredible. The organization keeps it real all the time, the coaches do and the players do as well. They embraced me. They want me to be here. It's fortunate to be able to be around people like that. I'm very fortunate. This is where I belong. This is what makes me smile. This is what makes me happy. I wish I could have done it for the city. I wish I could have done it for my teammates, for the organization. But I'm still glad that it happened.
176	3034736147	3	Q. Tremendous performance tonight. You guys played with aggression from start to finish. Was the preparation for Game 3 more physical or mental? TYLER HERRO: I would say a little bit of both. Game 1 and 2 we felt like they punked us a little bit. They were being a lot more physical than we were and that's just not how we play basketball as an organization. Tonight, we wanted to come out with a lot more energy and focus and make it fearless on both ends of the floor. We did a good job of that, but it's not going to be enough to win the series. The next game we're going to have to bring more energy, more focus, and just keep continuing to get better.
108	3034736147	3	Q. I believe you would have just finished your junior year in high school, 2002, Kobe and Shaq both go for 30-plus against the Nets, Game 3 of the Finals. You were drafted the next year. You and AD, first time Lakers teammates have done that since then. Wondered your thoughts on the Kobe-Shaq dynamic and what it's like going through a game like today with AD, especially at a similar level of efficiency. LeBRON JAMES: You know, obviously being in high school, watching the Kobe-Shaq duo was the most dominant duo that I have personally seen in my life from a basketball perspective. Obviously we knew the force that Shaq brought to the table, but the elegance and force that Kobe played with, as well. They were very dominant in what they did on the floor, on both sides of the floor. So to be in the conversation with those two guys, myself and Anthony, myself and AD -- he's going to kill me -- myself and AD, is just very humbling, because I know I grew up watching those guys. I grew up admiring Kobe; obviously, a kid coming straight out of high school. Admired that, as a kid when I was young, and obviously got the opportunity. And the force that Shaq played with. It's very humbling that we can be even mentioned with those greats.
113	3034736147	2	Q. When you guys advanced past Denver, Frank was talking about the relationship he has with you, and he said that the buy-in that you had with him as a coach and the immediacy of that buy-in did a lot for this team and where you are right now. What was it about Frank that gave that you immediate buy-in and that you gravitated toward? LeBRON JAMES: For one, from a competitive standpoint, going against Frank's teams in Indiana when we had our battles and I was in Miami, you understood how well those teams were coached. It starts with the head coach, and the players are an extension of the head coach. So I had that memory of that, just battling those Indiana Pacers teams. And then for me, I've always been a coachable player throughout my whole life. I've played for multiple coaches and I've always been a coachable player. So you know, the respect, more importantly, he's the head coach. The head coach should have the respect from all his players, no matter who you are, if you're really serious about trying to make an impact or really trying to do something special. It was just that simple for me personally.
404	3034736147	3	Q. Three seasons ago after you beat Toronto, you told Cleveland.com that you didn't have anything left to prove when you were asked what you have left to prove. I wanted to know if that's changed over the past three years. Did you feel you had something to prove, and why is this one so important for you? LeBRON JAMES: I think personally thinking I have something to prove fuels me. It fueled me over this last year and a half since the injury. It fueled me because no matter what I've done in my career to this point, there's still little rumblings of doubt or comparing me to the history of the game and has he done this, has he done that. So having that in my head, having that in my mind, saying to myself, why not still have something to prove, I think it fuels me.
273	3034736147	2	Q. And then you guys are facing elimination for the first time this post-season. Does that change anything about your mentality or preparation going into the next game? BAM ADEBAYO: No. I mean, our backs are against the wall. It's not like it's never been done before. We still got hope, we are still going to grind to the end, start to finish.
65	3034736147	2	Q. On the walk-off for Spectrum, AD said he wasn't satisfied with the way that you guys as a team played overall, thought there were a lot of places things could improve, so despite winning by that margin, what do you take away from his reaction to the game? FRANK VOGEL: I agree with him. Particularly on the defensive end, we knew they were going to be different and with no Bam they bring five three-point shooters and their movement on offense is very difficult to guard no matter who is in uniform, but we definitely have to do a better job, in particular on the defensive end. I thought we attacked offensively really well. Had one of our -- well, we had a poor shooting night from perimeter, but I liked the quality of the shots for the most part and even having a poor shooting night, we still end up with an offensive rating of 136. So I was pleased with what we did at that end of the floor. Obviously you can always get better on both sides but defensively we have to be better.
443	3034736147	1	Q. Frank, LeBron and AD are one and two in the playoffs in finishing at the rim. Obviously, that's something that defenses try to take away. What about their playing next to each other helps enable their ability to still get there and how has that played out in the postseason so far? FRANK VOGEL: Well, obviously both of them draw enormous attention from the defense, draw double teams, draw help when they are attacking the basket, and that often frees up the other guys. But we have a lot of weapons. Again, on the perimeter or at the rim with our vertical spacing, that allows them the space, the proper space to finish at the rim.
341	3034736147	2	Q. Do you believe that there's carryover from one game to the other and that these guys believed they were less than 30 seconds from winning a title and you guys ripped that away from them and you could see that written on everyone's faces in the final 10 seconds of the game? JIMMY BUTLER: I mean, I'm sure they wanted to win, thought they was going to win coming into it. As did we. But it was a hard-fought game, I think it's going to be even harder for us next game, but I like our chances.
13	3034736147	2	Q. To follow up, Anthony Davis is never a good matchup, he's so unique, you put a big on him, he goes to the perimeter; you put a small on him, he goes into the post. Can you take us through your thought process with Jae Crowder and sort of what's the next approach with Anthony Davis? ERIK SPOELSTRA: We have 48 hours to figure out what the next plan of attack will be. He was extremely good tonight and we have to be better.
463	3034736147	4	Q. I was wondering how -- what the challenge has been like over the last few months for you and keeping in touch with people back in Louisville, and kind of staying connected with everything that's been going on with the Breonna Taylor case. RAJON RONDO: Well, I don't want to say too much early, because there's so much different speculation coming out on different stories on what happened. I speak closely every day with the ladies from my foundation, Yvette Gentry. She's now the police chief. We talk, like I said, about life in general, how the climate is in Louisville, not necessarily about what her job and her role is. The young men in our community, we've tried to do it the last four or five years through my foundation, giving back to the youth, someone to hold them accountable, someone that shows them that they care and just making a change with our youth. Obviously we know how important it is this year as far as voting and getting the message out there to the people in my community that their vote does matter, and how we can make a difference and make a change in my city. For me, it was tough to actually come to the bubble, knowing so much is going on where I'm from and me feeling like I have one of the biggest impacts in my city. I take a lot of pride in trying to figure out how I can make change, understanding what I have to do as far as you go from protesting, but without the protesting you have to get to the boardrooms and make change, and understanding who we need to vote for and who we can support as a community.
84	3034736147	3	Q. How much has Alex Caruso impacted the games in these playoffs? FRANK VOGEL: He's impacted the games a great deal. He really has the ability to impact the game on both sides of the ball, which is what we love about Alex, is the more two-way players we can have around LeBron and Anthony, the better. He's an elite-level defender. He can guard multiple positions. His ability to contain the basketball but also be one of those guys that's active in the passing lanes is rare and unique, and obviously the versatility he brings offensively with his ability to shoot the basketball, but also make plays off the bounce makes him invaluable, as well. He's been an invaluable part of this playoff run, and we're going to need him to play at a high level if we hope to win the series.
88	3034736147	1	Q. Kendrick Nunn had a huge performance the other night. How do you feel about him right now? ERIK SPOELSTRA: Excuse me, could you say that one more time?
383	3034736147	1	Q. I'm curious, what are the most striking ways in which you've seen LeBron James's growth from when you've coached him to now? ERIK SPOELSTRA: I mean, obviously, all the experiences that he's had. He's not going to get surprised by anything. He's been in every competitive situation that this league can provide you and he's been able to find success with different teams.
378	3034736147	3	Q. I know how proud you are of the group in what they have shown throughout the bubble, but specific to Jimmy, how would you describe and put into context how he was consistently able to raise his level of play when you guys needed him to, especially in The Finals? ERIK SPOELSTRA: Jimmy has a superstar competitive spirit to him. If you try to evaluate him or put him in a conventional box of how you view a modern-day basketball player, you're totally missing the boat on JB. He is a winner, he is a leader, he is a motivator, a mentor and just a supreme competitor. And when you get to this level, I think so many people forget about that, the competition and what you can bring out of an entire franchise when you're wired to that level of fierce competitiveness.
413	3034736147	1	Q. Spo said that there's no way that conventional wisdom would have suggested that you were able to play. I know it's kind of obvious, but why was it so important for you to get out there, and what did you have to go through just to be able to get out there? GORAN DRAGIC: It's been hell for me the last 10 days, but I just want to be out there to help my team as much as possible and, no, it is what it is. The Lakers were better. We fought. Unfortunately we didn't have it today, but, yeah, have to move on.
247	3034736147	3	Q. Anthony's versatility on defense is a weapon that allowed Frank to make the switch and say he can start possessions on Butler. AD's ability to do that, and still get back to protect the rim and to still deter shots, is it kind of unmatched? LeBRON JAMES: Yeah, that's why he's the Defensive Player of the Year. We said that all year. His ability to play one through five, guard anybody on the floor, take the challenge, not only guard on the perimeter, continue to protect the paint. Guards drive on him. It's hard to score on him. You see how high Herro threw that ball up? It went in, but he had to throw that thing up to the skyscrapers, right? That guy can do everything defensively. Guarding the ball, guard the post, slide his feet with guards, contest, can body up with bigs. I mean, need I say more?
282	3034736147	2	Q. The last couple games Miami has come out of the gate pretty hot and were leading you guys early today. Why has it been so hard to kind of take that roll of the aggressor back from the Heat in both games? FRANK VOGEL: I don't think they are the aggressor. I think we are the aggressor every bit as much. We can be better, obviously in a lot of ways throughout the 48 minutes. We'll watch the tape and get back after it and I'm happy with our team's competitive spirit.
76	3034736147	3	Q. Because LeBron and AD are playing so well at this point, there's already chatter about who would win MVP of the Finals if that were to happen. What's it like having them both play so well on this stage? FRANK VOGEL: It's unbelievable the way they work for each other. Like you said, both of them playing at such an elite level and both of them extremely determined to win a championship. You know, we are not there yet. We have a long way to go. This is a very resilient basketball team that we are playing and a team that just flew through the East with a [12-3] record. We have great respect for them. But those guys are playing at an extremely high level, and hopefully we can get two more wins.
285	3034736147	2	Q. What is the most memorable moment of this playoff run for you so far? FRANK VOGEL: Probably the AD shot. I think that was obviously an epic moment in NBA history, not just our team's journey this year. But to see such a dynamic player have such a big moment in a big game like that, that's the first thing that comes to my mind.
484	3034736147	2	Q. Would it have any extra meaning to you to win a championship against Pat Riley and Erik Spoelstra, guys that have helped shape you and vice versa in those years together? LeBRON JAMES: Absolutely not. It's no extra meaning to winning a championship, no matter who you're playing against. It's already hard enough to even reach the Finals, to be in this position. If you're able to become victorious out of the Finals, it doesn't matter who it's against. I'm just happy that I'm here with the opportunity to represent not only myself but represent our fans, our fan base, our organization, my teammates, our coaching staff, our training staff and so many others that represent this organization to the utmost respect.
128	3034736147	2	Q. Two things, were there things in the second half that you saw that you think can carry over, like things that were working that you think can carry over to Sunday? And then second thing is I'm sure you addressed it already and I apologize, but we all know how much Bam and Goran want to be out there, how much does it hurt you knowing that they're hurting, that they can't help right now? JIMMY BUTLER: Yeah, all in all I just think what we took from the second half is how hard you really have to play. I think that's the main thing. We got all the shots we wanted, got to rebound, but I think that just goes to the playing hard. Putting your nose on the ball, affecting the game in so many different ways. Yeah, we miss those guys. Obviously, what they do for us on both ends of the floor, but just as people we feel for them. This is what they have played basketball their entire lives for and for them not to be able to go out there and compete I can only, I can only understand.
40	3034736147	2	Q. You guys went on a 75-30 run after falling down 13 early. What allows you guys to have success like that over a sustained period of time, a run like that? LeBRON JAMES: Paying attention to detail. I don't think in the beginning that we were physical enough. You have to get a feel for how hard Miami plays. I think they smacked us in the mouth, and we got a sense of that. And so we knew how hard we had to play if we wanted to try to make it a game. You know, from that moment when it was 23-10, we started to play to our capabilities. We started flying around. We started getting defensive stops. We started sharing the ball a lot better offensively and just got into a really good groove.
496	3034736147	3	Q. Not to compare these four players but how much easier does it make the game when you're going from quality of shooters like Hall of Famers, [Stephen] Curry and [Klay]Thompson as teammates to what Duncan [Robinson] and Tyler [Herro] can do at a young age and have they exceeded what your wildest expectations have been as young shooters since you arrived? ANDRE IGUODALA: Yeah, I've been on a few different teams throughout my career, had really great shooters in Denver, as well. You know, learning, as you know -- you try not to compare them. You just have got great shooters across the league and shooting is getting better and better because there's more emphasis on the three so you see more guys in the game who are just high-clip three-point shooters. We have two young guys who have worked really hard to get to this level. Duncan come from D-3 and Tyler, more on the scene, but both those guys just having an edge and wanting to prove to people that they deserve to be on this level, and you combine that with Heat culture, that's a deadly formula. So they are excited for the moment, and excited to see how they react to everything that's been going on and just embracing that and going out and playing and having good games.
145	3034736147	1	Q. Did you think you got thrown out rhythm by the early foul trouble? I know LeBron came back in pretty quickly. FRANK VOGEL: What was the question?
440	3034736147	3	Q. You've had a lot of highs and a lot of lows throughout the course of your career, specific to this experience in the bubble. What are you going to take away most from what has occurred over the last few months? JIMMY BUTLER: Just the bond that this group built. I wouldn't give that back for the world. We really, really, really love being around one another and competing with one another. I wouldn't trade that for the world. If I had to spend three months around some people, these people, they're the ones that I want to do it with.
473	3034736147	3	Q. Just wondering if you could kind of take me through what your feelings are heading into the Finals being a kid who grew up in Flint, Michigan and went to the University of Utah to now playing for a world championship. Could you envision this happening in such a short amount of time? KYLE KUZMA: Yeah, like you said, just the journey that I've taken to get to this point has been pretty crazy, and it's just a surreal feeling to say that I'm in the NBA finals with the opportunity to win the NBA Championship. So, man, just incredibly thankful. Obviously when you come to the league you want to win, have success, and sometimes it never comes in this league. You see so many guys that have never even been to the Conference Finals. So putting that in perspective, having an opportunity to be in the NBA finals and in my third year, it's an honor.
325	3034736147	1	Q. Anthony, you've been on the injury report for a while with that heel. Just wondered what happened in the first and it looked like it might have got aggravated in the fourth, and how you're feeling at this point heading into the next game. ANTHONY DAVIS: Iggy kind of stepped on it. Re-aggravated it. But I'll be fine on Sunday.
111	3034736147	1	Q. After the Heat timeout with UD, it seemed like there was a turn in momentum and they started attacking aggressively. What do you know about UD that makes him impactful to a bench of players like that, even though he himself is not playing in the game? LeBRON JAMES: Check his résumé. It's that simple. I mean, he's put in the work. He's been there through everything that the Heat franchise has seen. He's seen it all, done it all. Just check his résumé. There's not many guys that talk about it and also be about it, and he's one of them. If you want to be in the foxhole, that's somebody you want to be in the foxhole with.
453	3034736147	3	Q. How long did it take between the celebration the other night from advancing to The Finals and everybody kind of digging back in to what you guys need to do now going forward? ERIK SPOELSTRA: We did take a night just to acknowledge it and enjoy it. The players and the staff and families that were here, I wanted everybody to have perspective on how difficult this is, how extraordinary of an experience all of this is, being part of this bubble, being here for 80-plus days, surviving all of it and earning the right to compete for an NBA title. We just got off a very competitive, hard-fought series, and emotionally I don't think anybody was ready just to turn that page. But yesterday was a workday. For the players, it was a day just to recover and relax. We got together last night and did some more prep today.
239	3034736147	3	Q. I think it was after Game 2 that you made the comment that it's not just enough to win the game, you guys want to be great. This game was one where defensively you were great, and then there was a lot of sloppiness early offensively with the turnovers. I'm just wondering if there's a certain point where you stop striving for that winning in a great way, and it's just enough to get the wins? Or is that not until the fourth win? LeBRON JAMES: It's kind of two different things, two different points you're making. You never stop striving to be perfect or be great. And you know that a perfect game is not going to happen, but that don't mean you still don't strive to be as great as you can be every night. Now, every game has its own adjustments and things of that nature, and tonight was one of those games where we had to win on the defensive end and make some timely shots. But I think when you start thinking like, okay, well, I can't be great tonight or we can't be great tonight, okay, we just have to figure it out, then you sell yourself short. Me personally, I would never do that as long as I lace them up and put on a uniform. But I love what we did tonight.
460	3034736147	3	Q. It seems like this stretch through the last two rounds of the playoffs has been your best individual stretch since coming to the Lakers, and obviously the team has echoed that. Why do you think it's coming now? Obviously you played two years with the team. What about this moment is allowing you to mesh so well with the team on the court? RAJON RONDO: Each series is different. Obviously, the regular season and playoffs are two different types of games. Each level you have to raise your level of play. But for me, I didn't know what to expect coming back, I haven't played ball in seven months, six, seven months. A couple injuries when I did come back, so I didn't know what to expect as far as my output and what I would do as far as producing on the court. But I've had a lot of belief in my work and my craft and what I've put in the last couple months. Coach Vogel has instilled a lot of confidence in me coming back, obviously, saying that I play a very important role on this team, along with Rob Pelinka, as well. Those guys from the top believed in me from day one, and I just didn't want to let my teammates down. I didn't want to let myself down. I'm a very competitive person, and feeling like I do have an impact on this team, helping this team win.
50	3034736147	4	Q. I'm sure you would love to have more of your family for your playoff run, but what did it mean to you to have your dad watching you in the Finals and playing so well? ANTHONY DAVIS: It means a lot. He forced my mom to do that seven-day quarantine to be here, so for him to -- he's always been the one to go to all my games, in the home market, not more so on the road. But he's extremely proud of me. You know, for him to be here, essentially courtside to watch me in my first Finals game means a lot to me. You know, we just got to finish it off. You know, he wants us to win. He wants me to be a champion. So it's a little bit more pressure coming from him, but it was fun. It was fun seeing him courtside watching me in that first game.
343	3034736147	2	Q. You said in the post-game interview you got to be a lot better down the stretch in particular. How do you recenter after what was an emotional performance and you said a draining performance, there's nothing left. How do you recenter and kind of rejuvenate yourself heading into what you know is going to be a tough Game 6? JIMMY BUTLER: This is over with. We got to get better, even from wins. I don't think we ended the game the way we were supposed to. We didn't rebound when we needed to. We got lucky. Luck is a part of everything and that's what that was. Now don't get me wrong, I'm taking the W, but I think going into the next one got to play even more perfect. We got to secure the ball, we got to get back, we got to do everything right to give us a chance to win.
